OK Leslie we're going to work with our update.
So in order for that to work we're going to need to send a request to slash API slash to use slash.
Id call an ID of a variable as a put request rather than a delete request and not only that we also
need to specify how the two should be updated.
So this one's a little trickier because we're not sending the same request every time.
We may need to say set this to true or set completed to false and we need to be able to determine if
it's currently true then switched to false if it's currently false.
Switch it to true.
But we're going to start off with just the basic set up this time rather than defining the function
or the method first.
And when you go down here to our to do item and I'm going to pass in a non-existent function and I'm
just going to call it on toggle.
It's going to be equal to this dot toggle to do bind this.
And we also need to pass in not just the ID and this is important.
Unlike delete We need more than the idea again we need to be able to determine is the to do currently
done or not done.
So rather than just the ID We're also going to pass in all this to the entire to do it small.
It doesn't really matter.
Technically we could pass in just the ID and then use that ID to look it up inside the stack state and
then figure out the completed status and go from there.
But it's much easier just to pass in everything we need.
OK.
So that passes that in.
Let's go to to do item.
We haven't defined this toggled to do by the way but let's go to it to do item and inside of.
Let's add another span and we can refactor this in a bit.
But let's start with just a span here.
So when we click let's do it like this
then everything properly change right spacing again
try that one more time.
OK so we have our span and this span will have the style OK.
So this way the cross off the whatever that line through doesn't actually go onto the x as well.
They're separate.
OK so we have our style there.
And then we're going to add on quick equals and we need to make sure that we use on toggle so that's
going to be on toggle there.
That's what we're passing in.
OK so that's for our span.
Perfect and smooth and name appear and then the closing tag that spanned
closing tag is the ally.
And I think we're get now.
Yes.
Didn't that just a bit.
OK.
So if so what we have going on now Orella is split up into two spans.
One basically controls the styling and displays the name and has the uncloaked to toggle the name or
the completion status and then another one is just the delete button.
So it shouldn't look any different.
Getting an error because it can't bind to toggle to do X it doesn't exist.
So we'll just have to implement that first before we can see anything.
But when we click on this span it's calling on toggle what you're passing in here.
Now all we need to do is define on toggle.
So let's do that now.
So on toggle rather than just an ID it takes a entire to do.
And the first thing let's start by doing is just cancel that logging to do dot ID and then to do dot
completed
but oh and it's dot underscore ID we go refresh the page and what's our problem here toggled to do see
oh I called this on target.
That's the problem because it's called Tuggle to do an Togolese is a different thing.
So let's do that toggle to do
so.
One of the cons. When I click on one of these you can see it gives us the idea so we're going to send
a request to slash AP slash to do this and then we also need to specify in the body of that request
we want to set completed to be true.
It's currently false.
And if we do buy cheese you can see it's currently true.
So I would want to set it to False.
Perfect.
OK.
So we're going to need to send our federal question and we can actually copy a lot of what we had from
delete.
First of all let me just copy the whole thing honestly.
Get rid of our cons. log first thing we'll do is rather than a delete you or I'll call it update you.
Well same idea though the existing API prefix slash API slash to do plus and we need to do to do dot
underscore ID because we have the entire to do now OK then we're going to send our fetch to update you
or.
The method is going to be a put or dicho somehow just scroll past everything here you go.
So this will be a put.
And unlike the lead we need to pass in body so that's going to be Jason docstring again.
And actually I'll just copy this.
Here we go.
From up top.
So we have our headers and then we have body J's on that string of phi and rather the name anisette
completed equal to to do got completed but the opposite of that because if it's currently true we want
to set it to false if it's currently false.
We want to change it to true.
OK.
And let's see it's complaining about 114.
We're not there yet.
OK.
So this will send the request.
Then afterwards all we want to do is check it for errors like we've been doing that's exactly the same.
But afterwards it's time we'll call this updated to do and we're going to need to spend a little bit
long.
So let me type it up first.
So Will do constitute equals this that state to use dot map we'll just go with T.
It's variable and to T Dot underscore ID equals equals equals updated to do that underscore ID.
If that's true we're going to take everything about t and change completed to be not completed.
So we're going to update that part of that individual to do in the state.
Otherwise keep that to do how it is.
So this is just a little conditional logic going through all to do is remapping over them and checking
is the deuce ID equal to the one that we just updated that we got back from the Jason response.
If it is then change it.
Flip the completed status from true to false or false true.
Otherwise keep it the same.
And then we need to set this state equal to the deuce and that's looking good.
It's everything good.
Don't forget a parentheses or anything.
Let's see what happens.
All right so I'm going to try.
Let's first open up my network tab again.
Try checking off your laundry.
Here's a request.
It's a put request response we get back has completed now set to true.
And so it's crossed off.
I refresh the page still crossed off.
Let's uncheck all of them.
Everything worked.
Refresh the page are still all unchecked.
And let's add a new to do just to make sure that everything works fine.
Let's say we need to mop the floor I check it off and I can also delete it.
Everything works perfect.
So that's the basic functionality of our application.
All we have left really to do is style it and also refactored things because if you look at this to
do list component it's kind of massive and almost I don't know 75 percent of the logic in the code is
just for fecche request and error handling.
So I'm going actually in the next video.
Move this out to its own API is file basically a helper file that will help clean up this code and keep
it as slow as possible and as re-act component centric as possible.
So that's next.